== 1.3.0
* Code cleanups and additional debug logging (thanks Erik Ecoologic!)
* Support Rails 5 and Devise 3.4, 3.5 and 4.x (thanks again Erik Ecoologic!)
* Drop support for Ruby 1.9; Ruby 2.0 or greater is now required

== 1.2.1
* Avoid an unnecessary method call (thanks Sander Nieuwenhuizen!)

== 1.2.0
* Allow configuring a static identity_url for all users (thanks Sander Nieuwenhuizen!)

== 1.1.6
* The last fix didn't load correctly; trying a new one that patches the verify_authenticity_token callback instead.

== 1.1.5
* More CSRF authenticity token fixes: for Rails 4, we need to just stop checking authenticity if we're returning from rack-openid.  Thanks to pierre-pretorius for the fix.

== 1.1.4
* Remove authenticity token from return parameters, and instead stop requiring it for successful authentication.  This is required to be compatible with Devise's recent security fixes.
* Test suite is now fully passing on Devise 1.4 through 3.0

== 1.1.3
* Add authenticity token to return parameters (thanks Alexander Greim!)

== 1.1.2
* Remove the requirement to manually modify the Rack middleware stack on Rails 3 (thanks Anton Orel!)

== 1.1.1
* Add support for Devise >= 2.1.0

== 1.1.0
* Drop support for Rails 2
* Fix routing issues on Devise > 1.3.5 (fixes #11)
* Convert to Bundler-style gem
* Test using Travis

== 1.0.0
* No changes

== 1.0.0.beta2
* Fix a typo that was breaking all apps using create_from_identity_url.

== 1.0.0.beta1
* Implement support for build_from_identity_url.  create_from_identity_url is now deprecated.
  * build_from_identity_url should return a new, unsaved model instance rather than a persisted one.
  * This has multiple benefits: validation should become easier, and we can avoid doing multiple modification queries during the initial registration.
  * Switching over should be straightforward but is not a simple matter of changing the method's name.  Its behavior needs to be altered to return an unsaved instance.
  * This affects all users of devise_openid_authenticatable.
* Attempt to pass a more correct trust_root to the OpenID provider.
* Fill out Dimitrij's test suite a bit more.

== 1.0.0.alpha7

* GH-3: Add support for rememberable.
  * This requires an upgrade to rack-openid 1.2.0 or higher.

== 1.0.0.alpha5

* GH-5: Don't try to convert returned values to strings from AX providers
  * This requires application developers to check whether the value is an array in openid_fields= method; see updated README for details.

== 1.0.0.alpha4

* GH-4: Support for SReg and AX extensions

== 1.0.0.alpha3

* Compatibility with Devise 1.1 and 1.1.1

== 1.0.0.alpha2

* Compatibility with pre-release versions of Devise 1.1
* Design fix: find_by_identity_url needs to be a class method

== 1.0.0.alpha1

* Initial version, basically just a packaged-up version of my OpenID strategy for Devise
